Recapping what we learned in this module,
we went through and had to add those three dependencies for Maven,
and it's a little odd because they are from different group IDs,
so that's something to definitely watch for in your application.
We modified our ConferenceSecurityConfig to remove the JDBC section
and add the LDAP authentication, and remember that we also did a
password compare inside of there, utilizing the password encoder
that we already had defined,
which is bcrypt, and bcrypt is a great password encoder.
Then we added the application.properties,
and it should be noted that the application.properties is, one, how it
fires up that LDAP server for us, and two, that we referenced that
test‑server.ldif, not something that you would want to do in a
production database, but that's how we can easily set up our
application and run it how it is now.
Then we created that test‑server.ldif, which enabled
us to have that user in place,
which we could run against. When it's all said and done, it
actually executed quite well and is a simple way to go through
and have a secure storage for users for authenticating against,
which LDAP is great for that.
Now let's go ahead and see how we can customize our
UserDetails object to take advantage of some of these other fields that we have stored out there.